Fix unlinked IS fields in PROTO (#4188)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/appearances.md

### ReflectiveSurface Field Summary

> - `colorOverride`: Defines the default color multiplied with the texture color.

Reviewer: I am sure about the "default"...
```suggestion
- `colorOverride`: Defines the color to be multiplied with the texture color.
```

- `type`: Defines the rubber type. This field accepts the following values: `"flat"` and `"dotted"`.

> - `colorOverride`: Defines the default color multiplied with the texture color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `colorOverride`: Defines the color to be multiplied with the texture color.
```
